Add link to BUILD.md (#2559)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: README.md

> Please follow the following blogs to setup your first hands-on experience with C++ and Python samples.
> 
> * [How to Build OpenVINO™ GenAI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai/blob/master/src/docs/BUILD.md)

Reviewer: I would suggest avoid mixing of our docs and Medium blogs. Let's have separate links to our Getting Started docs pages.

```suggestion
* [Introduction to OpenVINO™ GenAI](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/openvino.genai/docs/getting-started/introduction)
* [Install OpenVINO™ GenAI](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/openvino.genai/docs/getting-started/installation)
* [Build OpenVINO™ GenAI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai/blob/master/src/docs/BUILD.md)

Please follow the following blogs to setup your first hands-on experience with C++ and Python samples.

```
